<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="merge-branches">
    <title>Merging</title>
    <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><indexterm>SVN Branches/Tags<indexterm>merging</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
    <body>
        <p>At some stage during the development you will want to merge the changes made on one
            branch back into the trunk, or vice versa. Merge is closely related to Diff. The merge
            is accomplished by comparing two points (branches or revisions) in the repository and
            applying the obtained differences to your working copy.</p>
        <p>It is a good idea to perform a merge into an unmodified working copy. If you have made
            changes to your working copy, commit them first. If the merge does not go as you expect,
            you may want to revert the changes and revert cannot recover your uncommitted
            modifications.</p>
        <p>The <uicontrol>Merge</uicontrol> action can be found in the <uicontrol>Tools</uicontrol>
      menu of <ph keyref="product"/>. The directory selected when you issued the command will be the
      result directory of the merge operation.</p>
        <p>There are three common types of merging which are handled in different ways:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>merge revisions - integrate the modifications from a branch into the trunk or a
                different branch, when the branches are created from the same trunk;</li>
            <li>reintegrate a branch - integrate the modifications from a branch into the
                trunk;</li>
            <li>merge two different trees - the general case of integrating some changes between two
                different branches.</li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</topic>